# agile_development

Interpreting user needs is an important principle when developing software. Interacting with potential users when developing a new piece of software can be the difference between making a product that works great, but nobody needs it, or developing software that is functonal and meets the needs and expectations of the end user. Interacting with potential users or customers is important because it gives the customer a voice even in the early stages of development. User stories are a great way to encapsulate the needs of the user in a form that is helpful to the development team working on the project. A user story can provide the development team with the answers to imporant questions like what feature is required? Who will this feature benefit? What should this feature look like when it's completed?

My approach to developing programs is to focus on being a productive team player. Software development is not a job typically assigned to just one person. Typically, software is developed using teams of developers. Communication is key when working with a team and this is no different in the software development industry. Focusing on growing a a developer and a team member will allow me to learn from my experiences and become a better developer. By following agile processes and principles, I can be a part of a team that is lean, effiicient, and ready to adapt to change is it occurs throughout the development process.

I think being a good team member in software development is no different from being a good team member on any type of team. Being a team player means working hard to ensure that not only I succeed, but the team and the project as a whole are able to succeed. The most important part of being a good team member is having good communication skills and practices. It doesn't matter how great you are as a developer if you're not able to communicate efficienty with the team. A large part of being a good team member means being able to effectivly communicate your progress or any challenges you are facing that are preventing you from being more successful. Teams that communicate are likely teams that will grow, not just as developers, but as team members. Growth is an imporant part of maintaining a healthy team.
